But of course also in the 18th century there was the big expansion of the hall itself, which we're all familiar with.
There was never a big house on this estate until Thomas Wilson came and he built a house on that site, which was much smaller than that one.
But well-proportioned rooms, as you will see when you get my guide to the heritage.
And he excavated the cliff rather than excavated the ruin.
They did some excavation, also from an archaeological point of view, therefore he chucked the best bits away.
And he wanted a romantic room in his garden.
It was a thing of the 19th century, late 18th or early 19th century.
But he raised the roads up while we go up and down the hump by the hall wall.
And his house was, I don't think descriptions are within sales particulars, a very nice house.
I think it was a tiny room, 30 foot by 20 feet or something.
Nice house, but there were only four bedrooms.
I'm not sure if he managed to live there, as I said, he went past and disappeared from the scene.
But the Phillips really went to town with that and produced the 52 room house that we've got today.
And that again is a part of the mid-1860s when they were selling a lot of money here.
And of course times changed.
Eventually, after the Phillips passed, a lady called Mrs. Chamblin, I don't remember what her first name was.
She was a wealthy lady.
I think her husband had, Mrs. Chamblin, and I think her husband was connected to the family of industrialist Chamblin in Birmingham.
But I think his work was more in aircraft.
But anyway, she was quite a wealthy lady and simply used it as her country retreat.
And I spotted and all that sort of thing.
So I seem to think of the past now, certainly here.
And then Portland, Victoria, bought it from I think 1996.
And for quite a few years it's been has been open to the public for people to go round and have a look.
And it was worth looking up to gain an impression of what a house of that period in the Gothic revival style was like.
So they were using the style of the day.
That was the way to make your statement as a successful industrialist who had made some money.